add upgrade proposals to glossary (#1082)
urbit/docs: glossary/voting.md

category = "azimuth"
+++

**Voting** is a power available to [galaxies](../galaxy), in their capacities as
members of the [Galactic Senate](../senate), through an [Azimuth](../azimuth)
smart contract. Galaxies collectively make decisions about the governance of

> Azimuth and the [Arvo](../arvo) network by voting. There are two types of votes:
> an [upgrade proposal](../upgrade) and a [document vote](../docvote).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azimuth and the [Arvo](../arvo) network by voting. There are two types of proposals that can be vote don:
an [upgrade proposal](../upgrade) and a [document proposal](../docvote).
```

smart contract. Galaxies collectively make decisions about the governance of
Azimuth and the [Arvo](../arvo) network by voting. There are two types of proposals that can be voted on:
an [upgrade proposal](../upgrade) and a [document proposal](../docvote).

A proposal is always a Yes/No vote. The vote concludes at the end of 30 days,
or whenever an absolute majority is reached, whichever comes first. At the end

> of 30 days the option that has received the most votes is chosen.

Reviewer: While we're at it, might be worth noting there's a quorum of a quarter of the senate. That is, at least 64 galaxies must have voted for a "yes" result to be valid.
